"promotionalText" = "From local Canadian voices to worldwide discoveries: explore live radio by country and genre, follow news and music, and save the stations you love.";
"description" = "Listen to Canadian radio online, from local news and talk to music from across the country and around the world. MegaRadio helps you find live FM, AM and internet stations by name, country and genre, then keep your favourites close.

A LOCAL START, A WIDER WORLD
Choose Canada to start exploring the directory, then search for a station you know or browse available genres. English- and French-language broadcasts offer different perspectives on the day. If you live away from the community you grew up in, a familiar online station can be a way to reconnect with its music and conversation.

MUSIC BEYOND YOUR USUAL QUEUE
Explore country, rock, pop, jazz, classical and other formats in the catalogue. Instead of choosing every track yourself, tune in to a broadcaster's live programme. You may find a presenter, a discussion or a song that becomes part of your listening routine. Stations and genres vary with your selected country.

SEARCH WHEN YOU KNOW, BROWSE WHEN YOU DON'T
Type a station name for a direct route to its player. Open a genre when you know the kind of music you want. Change countries to explore international programmes or broadcasts in another language. The same station directory makes it easy to move between these different ways of listening.

YOUR OWN COLLECTION OF FAVOURITES
Keep local updates, workday music and international discoveries together. Saving stations helps you return without repeating a search or remembering every name. Your collection can grow as you explore new genres and find new programmes.

LISTEN WITH CLEAR EXPECTATIONS
Start and pause live playback in the station player. Artist and song information is shown only when it is supplied by the stream. FM and AM stations are accessed through their online broadcasts, not through an offline radio tuner. Some streams may be unavailable in your region or at a particular time.

MAKE YOUR FIRST DISCOVERY
Choose a country, select a station or genre and listen. Save the stations that fit your day, then come back to them whenever you want another live programme.

OPTIONAL IN-APP PURCHASES
Optional plans show their benefits, duration and current price before purchase. Removing app advertising cannot remove commercials included in a radio station's broadcast. Manage Apple subscriptions in your Apple Account and use Restore Purchases in the app to verify an existing purchase.

Internet access is required; mobile data charges may apply. Broadcasts and track information vary by station and region. MegaRadio is a directory; broadcasters provide their own content.

Explore with your Apple TV remote and enjoy radio in the living room.

https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/
https://themegaradio.com/en/pages/privacy-policy";
"keywords" = "listen,internet,online,local,news,sports,talk,jazz,country,rock,favourites,music,canada,indie,oldies";
"supportUrl" = "https://themegaradio.com/en/contact";
"marketingUrl" = "https://themegaradio.com";
